- Heart policy can allow for Operator update, just as it allows for update of the reward token and reward amount. Otherwise, if the Operator is deactivated then the Heart is still calling the stale Operator. (Or should Operator be a module, that way upgrades happen smoothly because they are already supported by logic in the kernel)

- BondCallback.sol::160 priorBalances[token] = token.balanceOf(address(this)); could be set to priorBalances[token] = 0; as the whole balance has been transferred in line 159.
- Oftentimes bonds are negative ROI, but users still use them as opportunities to bypass slippage and do an “OTC” deal of sorts with the treasury. An OHM-OHM bond cannot be used as an “OTC” deal since you are bonding OHM for OHM, but there may be other reasons why a user might take a negative ROI OHM bond. However, in BondCallback.sol::120 the callback function will revert if the outputAmount_ is less than the inputAmount_. Therefore it is not possible to take a negative ROI OHM-OHM bond, which may be unexpected behavior.
- PRICE.sol::59 decimals should follow constant variable naming conventions
- PriceConfig.sol::54-54 The comment implies that a smaller duration should not clear the data in the current window and require re-initialization. However, changeMovingAverageDuration in PRICE.sol clears the current data no matter if the MA duration is smaller or larger. 
     - If a smaller duration is provided, there is no need to clear all data and require initialization once again. Instead, new numObservations would get calculated (smaller or equal to old duration), and those last numObservations can be kept and other variables adjusted accordingly. This would allow for the protocol to keep initialized=True. Consequently, functions such as getCurrentPrice, getMovingAverage, getLastPrice would continue to work for the modules and policies that rely on them such as the Operator and the RANGE.
- PRICE.sol::240, 266 movingAverageDuration_ and observationFrequency_ should be checked that they differ from the previous values. No need to perform reset if the values are the same.
- PRICE.sol::126 typo `numbe`
